www.be vero osso puntonet presents i
red pepper tutorial correction of
blurry photos good morning everyone e
welcome to this new tutorial that
will show how to get a good one
image starting from a blurred shot
in this example we start from the photo of
a model vented here we are in
a mac work environment with system
snow leopard operating
let's start with opening the Photoshop
used version is the ciesse 6 but you can
do also with previous versions
let's proceed by opening the photo file
fuzzy we click on file from at least
we choose the item open and select the
images girl first you need
duplicate the layer then holding
press the left mouse button
drag the layer to the create icon
a new level taking care of
check that the new level created
is selected we click on the item
and filter and from the drop-down menu
select the item other then from
under minus we choose the item at 100 e
step we set the value of
voice radius between 3.0 and 4.5 in this case
I set it to 4.0 after that we do
click on the ok button now we change the
type of fusion from normal to light
vivid now we click again
on the filter and menu item
select the item sharpness from below
the less we choose the mask entry of
contrast the three values ​​and find in
this window must be adjusted
as needed
the factor and the radius are two
parameters that regulate the quantity of
sharpness the threshold regulates the detail
of the sharpness on the pixels
once the adjustment is completed
we click ok to confirm
now we select both levels
by clicking the left button of the
mouse over the unselected layer e
holding down the shift key that
to make capital letters and then
we combine the levels by pressing command plus and
ctrl plus and in case you are using
windows
after joining the levels we click
on file from the menu we select save with
name and save the file in format
photoshop
after saving we close the image
click on file and again
select the item open as an object
advanced in previous versions of
photoshop may be the open item
how we select the file just created
in this case it is girl in point psd e
from the drop down menu related to the format
we choose the item room stuff instead
of photoshop
finally we confirm by clicking open
in this window we are going to adjust the
clarity to vividness is the
image saturation
if we wish we can also modify others
parameters such as contrast display
lights and others
finally we must remember that by modifying
the temperature parameter we can
change the light of the image
making it hotter or colder now
we click on the small icon in
top right with two small triangles
is the details icon to reduce the
Image disturbance we adjust based on
to the needs
the luminance the luminance details the
contract luminance and colors and i
color details
if necessary we can increase again
sharpness by adjusting it from the sliders
related once done we do
click ok
now our image will be opened
again with photoshop
from the settings panel
select the curve icon e
we click on the square icon with the
arrow pointing down for
make changes also to the levels
below we now set the curve for
get the light you want
once the adjustment is completed
we select both levels ed
uni amoli by pressing the plus and minus command keys
finally we save our image in the
format we prefer
in this case I save it in jpeg format
and here is the final result on the left
the starting image and to the right
the modified image in greeting you vi
we remember the assistance services from
remote for your pc or mac offered by
true red to make it easier
your computer life come to
find us on www.beroad.it find us
also on facebook twitter and skype all
the reference links can be found in the
description of the video
goodbye from www.be real bone puntonet